c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Techsys_School_ERP.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Techsys_School_ERP.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Techsys_School_ERP.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\obj\Debug\Techsys_School_ERP.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\obj\Debug\Techsys_School_ERP.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Net.Mail.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\obj\Debug\Techsys_School_ERP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Techsys_School_ERP\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Content\assets\js\plugins\loaders\pace.min.js
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Techsys_School_ERP.dll.config
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Techsys_School_ERP.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Techsys_School_ERP.pdb
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGridMail.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Net.Mail.Abstractions.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.pdb
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\SendGrid.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\obj\Debug\Techsys_School_ERP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\obj\Debug\Techsys_School_ERP.dll
G:\ERP2\Techsys_School_ERP\obj\Debug\Techsys_School_ERP.pdb
